hi everyone welcome to know your pc I'm
Bob and I'm a loop and today we're here
to show you how to use Microsoft System
Restore which basically takes your
computer back to an earlier point in
time we're demonstrating that on this HP
TouchSmart PC this is the IQ 800 series
it's an all-in-one computer touch
enabled and what I really like is it's
big 25 and a half inch diagonal monitor
it's an HD I just love it so sometimes
if your computer isn't functioning
properly one of the solutions ends up
being that you perform what's called a
system recovering okay system recovery
takes your computer back to the way it
was when you first got it right out of
the box it's all the same as system
restore now this is the third part of a
series that we did talking to you about
different troubleshooting ideas before
you have to go to system recovery right
and the first one we talked to you about
if your computer freezes locks up is not
responding we gave you some hints on how
to help that situation and the second
one we talked about no hardware devices
drivers different things that might be
causing problems with your computer and
this one Microsoft System Restore so
Microsoft System Restore takes your
computer back to an earlier point in
time so on a daily basis it will take a
snapshot of your programs and your
settings now it'll also take that
snapshot before you install any drivers
or software to your computer it does not
affect any data that you've saved so
let's say you want to revert back to
last week for whatever reason but you
save the document today the document
will still be there this is the programs
and the settings that is referring to so
now I'm going to show you how to create
your own restore point alright so go to
the start button and hit all programs
and go to PC help and tools tap Recovery
Manager yes you have my permission and
up comes our page welcome to the
Recovery Manager now in the left corner
here it says Advanced Options they're
going to click that and then we'll go to
restore your computer to an earlier
point in time and next and then click
Next so this brings up this page now to
create your own restore point go to open
system protection you'll see here you've
got the C Drive highlighted go ahead and
press create and now we're going to name
it Bob's
restore point good one all right I know
just sometimes they come to me like that
all right so press create all right and
now it's going to take a couple seconds
to create this restore point and you
know again this is if I'm going to be
adventurous and put in a couple new
programs but I'm not sure how they're
going to work with my computer and I
want to create a restore point I can go
back in time again I would have to
uninstall them to fully get rid of the
issues so it's all done we've created
Bob's restore point now I'm going to
show you how to go back to an earlier
point i'ma show you how to create one
but now how do you go back to one all
right so on the screen you'll see one
side that says recommended and that's
just a restore point that may be the
last program they've installed or driver
or something like that or yesterday's
and it will recommend that or you can go
back to your own and so what you could
do is you can highlight go back to the
one that you choose click Next and it'll
give you a list of different restore
points so let's say your computer wasn't
working that good this week but it was
fine last week you could find a date or
time that was working last week and you
can route to that or you know yesterday
or Bob's restore point or something like
that alright so we're going to click
Bob's restore point which is highlighted
and then we click Next and make sure
before you actually end up fully saying
yes to the whole process save your data
and then click Next because it's going
to restart your computer and relaunch it
to that earlier point so go ahead yes
yes don't unplug your computer don't try
and mess around with it too much it's
working it's trying to revert back to
another time so let it go back in time
doc brown now I've shown you how to
create a point how to go back to a point
and if you have any more questions you
can always go to hp.com/support you can
also check out our other videos at
youtube com / touchsmart all right well
thanks for watching guys I'm Bob and I
mallow see you later
you